Dr. Chitra Babu 
  B.E., M.E. (C.S.E.), M.S. (C.I.S.), Ph.D.

Dr. Chitra Babu, Professor and Head of the 
Department of Computer Science and Engineering
has 20 years of teaching and research experience. 
Her primary research interests include Cloud 
Computing, Distributed data processing using 
frameworks such as Spark, Internet of Things 
(IoT) and applying principles of Software 
Engineering and Software architecture to these 
domains.

She received her Ph.D. from the Indian Institute 
of Technology, Madras (IITM). She received her 
M.E in Computer Science and Engineering from 
College of Engineering, Guindy, M.S in Computer 
and Information Systems from the Ohio State 
University, Columbus, Ohio, USA. She received 
her B.E from P. S. G. College of Technology.

She has worked in AT&T Bell Labs at Columbus, 
Ohio, USA and has also worked as a consultant 
in the area of Document Imaging and management 
at Michigan, USA. She is a member of the 
professional society, Association of Computing 
Machinery(ACM), Life member of Computer Society 
of India(CSI) and Indian Society for Technical 
education(ISTE).
